---
title: 2.0.4 Release Notes
id: 2.0.4-release-notes
---

# KWDB 2.0.4 Release Notes

KWDB is a distributed, multi-model database, designed for AIoT scenarios. It seamlessly integrates time-series and relational databases within the same instance, enabling efficient multi-model data processing. With high-performance time-series capabilities, it supports connections for tens of millions of devices, real-time insertion of millions of records within seconds, and query responses in just a few seconds for hundreds of millions of records. Built for stability, security, high availability, and easy maintenance, KWDB is ideal for industrial IoT, digital energy, connected vehicles, and smart industries, providing a unified platform for data storage, management, and analysis.

KWDB 2.0.4 retains the core features of previous versions while introducing enhancements in distributed architecture, DDL operations, data querying, data storage, and database maintenance.

## Version Details

| Version   | Release Date   |
| :------- | :--------- |
| 2.0.4    | 2024.09.30 |

## New Features

### Distributed Architecture

- **High Availability**: Distributed clusters can tolerate multiple node failures occurring at different times.

### DDL Operations

- **Online Column Management**: Supports adding and deleting columns, as well as changing column data types in real-time.
- **Comment Management**: Supports adding, deleting, viewing, importing and exporting comments on databases, tables, and columns in the time-series engine.

### Data Querying

- **Scheduled Continuous Queries**:
  - Enables scheduled execution of continuous query tasks that compute data at specific intervals and store results in designated locations.
  - Supports viewing, pausing, resuming, and deleting continuous query tasks.
- **INSERT INTO SELECT**: Allows inserting computated time-series data results into relational tables using the `INSERT INTO SELECT` statement.
- **Enhanced Time Functions**: The `time_bucket` and `time_bucket_gapfill` functions now support various time units, including seconds, minutes, hours, days, weeks, months, and years.

### Data Storage

- **Data Compression**:
  - Supports configurable compression algorithms, including gzip, LZ4, LZMA, LZO, XZ, and zstd.
  - Provides the `df` cli to view total storage size and the number of Squashfs file mounts.
- **Data Reorganization**: Supports periodic data reorganization to permanently delete data, add, delete or modify columns, and sort unordered data.

### Database Maintenance

- **Enhanced Help Prompts**: Provides more comprehensive information when using the `help` command.

## Important Changes

### Operating System and Environment

- **Expanded Platform Support**: Added support for Anolis OS and Kunpeng architecture.

### Supported Languages and Database Connectors

- **ODBC and Hibernate Support**: Enables connections via ODBC and Hibernate frameworks. For more information, see [Connect to KWDB Using PostgreSQL ODBC](../development/connect-kaiwudb/c-plus-plus/connect-odbc.md) and [Connect to KWDB Using Hibernate](../development/connect-kaiwudb/java/connect-hibernate.md).
- **RESTful API Enhancements**: Allows regular users to delete their own RESTful API connections. For more information, see [Connect to KWDB via RESTful API](../development/connect-kaiwudb/restful-api/connect-restful-api.md).
- **Kafka Write Performance Optimization**: Optimized data insertion performance, achieving under 1-second latency for 100,000 rows on a single node.

## Upgrade Notes

KWDB 2.0.4 supports the following upgrade methods:

- **KWDB 2.0 standalone deployments**: offline upgrade.
- **KWDB 2.0 clusters**: data export and import.

For instructions, see [Database Upgrade](../db-operation/db-upgrade.md), [Data Export](../db-administration/import-export-data/export-data.md), and [Data Import](../db-administration/import-export-data/import-data.md).
